Set Default User Locale (#2028)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/reference/config-options.md

`defaultForNull`.

(Introduced in https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/pull/1811.)

### Locale

> The brig server config option `setDefaultLocale` has been replaced by `setDefaultUserLocale` and `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. Both settings are optional and `setDefaultTemplateLocale` defaults to `EN` and `setDefaultLocale` defaults to `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. If `setDefaultLocale` was not set or set to `EN` before this release, nothing needs to be done. If `setDefaultLocale` was set to any other language other than `EN` the name of the setting should be changed to `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### setDefaultLocale (deprecated / ignored)

The brig server config option `setDefaultLocale` has been replaced by `setDefaultUserLocale` and `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. Both settings are optional and `setDefaultTemplateLocale` defaults to `EN` and `setDefaultLocale` defaults to `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. If `setDefaultLocale` was not set or set to `EN` before this change, nothing needs to be done. If `setDefaultLocale` was set to any other language other than `EN` the name of the setting should be changed to `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. 
```

`defaultForNull`.

(Introduced in https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/pull/1811.)

### Locale

#### setDefaultLocale (deprecated / ignored)

The brig server config option `setDefaultLocale` has been replaced by `setDefaultUserLocale` and `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. Both settings are optional and `setDefaultTemplateLocale` defaults to `EN` and `setDefaultLocale` defaults to `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. If `setDefaultLocale` was not set or set to `EN` before this change, nothing needs to be done. If `setDefaultLocale` was set to any other language other than `EN` the name of the setting should be changed to `setDefaultTemplateLocale`. 

> #### `setDefaultTemplateLocale`

Reviewer 2: Which templates are actually complete in wire-server other than EN? i.e. this settings can't be set to anything other than EN at this point in time unless more templates are provided inside wire-server's brig/deb/templates folder, right? Perhaps the description here should make that clearer.
